jsDelivr + Self-hosted (#103)
68publishers/cookie-consent: README.md

* [Integration into the GTM](#integration-into-the-gtm)
* [Configuration](#configuration)

> * [About the package destination](#about-the-package-destination)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Package source – CDN or self-hosted](#package-source-–-cdn-or-self-hosted)
```

| Field                               | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
|-------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Package version                     | Version of the package `68publishers/cookie-consent`. Valid inputs are the `latest` or a version in formats `x.x.x`, `x.x.x-beta.x` and `x.x.x-alpha-x`. For available versions see the [releases](https://github.com/68publishers/cookie-consent/releases). |

> | Package destination                 | The URL where the package files are hosted. If the field is not filled, the **unpkg.com** CDN is used. To use a different CDN or self-hosting, please read the [About the package destination](#about-the-package-destination) section                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Package source                 | The URL where the package files are hosted. If the field is not filled, the **unpkg.com** CDN is used. To use a different source, please read the [Package source – CDN and self-hosted](#package-source-–-CDN-and-self-hosted) section                       |
```

</script>
```

> ## About the package destination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using other CDN or self-hosted
```

> The configuration gives the option to set the URL from which the package files (js, css and translation files) will be loaded via the `Package destination` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration gives the option to set the URL from which the package files (js, css and translation files) will be loaded via the `Package source` field.
```

If the field is left blank, the `unpkg.com` CDN is used. Alternatively, `jsDelivr.com` can be used by entering the following URL:
```
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@68publishers/cookie-consent@{version}/dist/
```
The `{version}` placeholder is automatically replaced with the value from the `Package version` field.

> ### Self-hosted package files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Self-hosted package
```

Then open the associated tag and update the value of the field `Package version`.

> If the package files are [self-hosted](#self-hosted-package-files), it is necessary to re-edit the template permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the package files are [self-hosted](#self-hosted-package-files), it is necessary to re-edit the Injects script in template permissions.
```
